why don't you just go home I've been
asking myself that one all night long so
what happened why can't you I met this
girl tonight okay in a coffee shop I
like something incredible is really
gonna happen here so when I got home I
gave her a call on the cab on the way
down here all my money flew out the
window I didn't really get along with
her that well what's the matter I said I
want to see a plaster of Paris bagel and
cream cheese paperweight now cough it up
so I left
jjigae so I haven't got enough money to
get home until I meet this bartender who
wanted to lend me the money that's
that's right so I go back to the girl's
apartment
but a roommates really pissed off at me
for the way I treated her friend this to
go high so I marched right in there to
apologize hey but she'd already killed
herself I was too late oh wow lighten up
what is this I'm in big trouble I mean
big trouble now this part you're gonna
say oh you're lying to me don't lie to
me but it's true
Mohawk this guy I couldn't believe that
he's hey Tom it's not my fault I didn't
do it I got a double you didn't do what
oh no no cold lesions or something
luckily Oh there was this girl who saw
the whole thing here dead I'm what so
now she's the one in the mr. Softee ice
cream truck who's trying to kill me
they're all trying to kill me I mean I
just wanted to leave you know my
apartment maybe meet a nice girl and now
I've got to die for it you know what do
you want from me
what am I done I'm just a word processor
damn it is that after hours when
anything can happen and usually does is
that unbelievable or what that's all
let's keep
everything